When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would use a remote repository when I want to collaborate with others on a project.
    When I don't want to carry my computer around but instead use another machine somewhere else.
    I would want to store my files online.
    

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I may not have finished adding changes.
    Some changes may be unwanted.
    I would want to confirm first.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are copies of a git repository created and stored online via GitHub whereas clones are copies of a repository created locally on your machine. Branches comparably are different versions of a project/files created in a repository either locally or in the cloud.

    You fork a repository online from a from a GitHub account into your account whereas when cloning, you clone files from an online account into your local machine or from a different location in your machine. Branching can be used when I want to edit my project and make different versions without interfering with with the original content.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    The benefit is that you can update or merge the changes locally without having to go online.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    We could colaborate by using the mordern conventional means of communication,for example: emails,text messages, phone calls among others.
    This would be favourable when you want instant feedback. 
    privacy is improved.

    The hard part is that you would require a lot of resources for communication e.g. data plans, talk time charges
    Also, you would require consultations since files are remotely placed.This consumes time.
    It would be hard if it involves many people.
    



When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When making a trial version of your file or when making contributions to a project that involves many people.

    Making changes in a separate branch allows time and space for correction while making changes directly saves time.
